Add note about the supportsReadOnly mode config (#4360)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Property-Editors/Package-Manifest/index.md

    "hideLabel": true,
    "valueType": "TEXT",
    "validation": {},
    "supportsReadOnly": true,
    "isReadOnly": false
}
```

* `view` Path to the HTML file to use for rendering the editor.
* `hideLabel` Turn the label on or off by using `true` or `false`, respectively.
* `valueType` Sets the database type the value is stored as, by default it's `string`.
* `validation` Object describing required validators on the editor.

> * `supportsReadOnly` Decide whether or not the property should support the read-only mode, which determines if the value of a shared/invariant property is greyed out or accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `supportsReadOnly` Sets whether the editor supports read-only mode, if set to true, the editor is expected to have its own implementation of the read-only mode.
```
